{
  "title": "Spec editing infrastructure",
  "proposer": {
    "login": "tobie",
    "name": "Tobie Langel",
    "email": " tobie@unlockopen.com"
  },
  "summary": "Open discussion about spec editing infrastructre: what we have (pr-preview, respec, specref, bikeshed, etc), what's missing and how to fund it",
  "type": "discussion",
  "goals": "",
  "others": ["mcaceres", "spieters", "jgraham"],
  "capacity": "medium"
}
