{
  "title": "Process 2020",
  "proposer": [
    {
      "login": "frivoal",
      "name": "Florian Rivoal",
      "email": "tpac@florian.rivoal.net"
    },
    {
      "login": "fantasai",
      "name": "Elika Etemad",
      "annotation": "Fantasai",
      "email": "fantasai.lists@inkedblade.net"
    },
    {
      "login": "plh",
      "name": "Philippe Le HÃ©garet",
      "email": "plh@w3.org"
    },
    {
      "login": "dsinger2",
      "name": "David Singer",
      "email": "singer@apple.com"
    }
  ],
  "summary": "Discussion of Process2020 Proposals (continuous development, registries)",
  "type": "open discussion",
  "goals": "Get feedback from community and develop consensus on Process2020 proposals",
  "capacity": "big",
  "track": "org"
}
